Sources of Data So Far:

TLDR: Watch out for 1997 to 1998 numbers there is a series break here driven by 1) Fiscal vs Calendar year and there for a missing 6 months in 1997 to 1998 changes. 2) No station level student ridership adjustment pre 1998 (this means less riders reported and therefore apprently RIDICULOUS growth at stations with high numbers of student riders.

The details:

1960 to 1997: Fiscal year, station level ridership. Data received from FOIA request in a PDF. This data is not comparable to what you might get on the MTA website for two reasons. 1) It's fiscal year, July-June, while what you get on the MTA website is Jan-Dec. 2) There is an adjustment for student ridership that is done in the modern, MetroCard based data that is only done at the aggregate system wide level for this 1960 to 1997 data. Annoyingly I have not yet found a place for data where the methodologies overlap. I've attempted to provide a "student adjusted" station level number in the canonical dataset by allocating the system wide student adjustment proportionally to all the station by their total reported ridership share. This is crude at best and greatly understates the impact at select stations that have a huge number of students for example, the Fulton G, 137 St - City College 1, 116 St - Columbia University, Flatbush Av 2/5 etc. This causes a painful discontinuity for 97 to 98 when combining the data together. The fiscal year issue also causes a futher discontinuity in that this data ends on 1997-06-30 and the next set of data begins in 1998-01-01, this happened to happen at a time of strong ridership growth, so be forwarned that growth rates crossing the 1997 line will be screwy - I've made an adjusted growth rate that at least accounts roughly for this 1997 1998 fiscal vs calendar year issue, however for student heavy stations, this number will still be screwy.

1998 to 2008: Calendar year, station level ridership. Data received from FOIA request in a PDF. This data is comparable to the datayou'll get on the MTA's website (which you can get back to 2007 via the Internet Archive). This data is based on MetroCard data and has a student adjustment applied at the station level.

2007 to 2016: Calendar year, station level ridership. Data scraped from MTAs website. http://web.mta.info/nyct/facts/ridership/ridership_sub_annual.htm. To get the data prior to 2011, I used the internet archive to find older versions of the page. I used beutiful soup to get this data and this code is in the repo, I will use it to update the data when 2017 numbers are released. Super super annoyingly the 2016 numbers some how excluded 138 St-Grand Concourse. However, this is the only missing station and I was able to add up all the stations, substract this from the total, and get the 138 St-Grand Concourse number. I verified that this method produces accurate numbers for 2015 prior when you can find the 138 St numbers in the internet archive. 
